Basic transfer docs (#27)
near/sdk-docs: docs/sending-transactions/token-tx.md

# Transferring NEAR Tokens

Transactions can be sent asynchronously from a contract through a [`Promise`](https://docs.rs/near-sdk/latest/near_sdk/struct.Promise.html). These promises will schedule execution and either execute in parallel or be awaited before resuming the method execution. The most simple transaction to send from a contract is a token transfer.

> Sending a simple transfer is as simple as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transferring NEAR tokens (Ⓝ) to another account is as simple as the following:
```
